#Rencoin. liberty through privacy.


#What is Rencoin?
Rencoin is a community and privacy focused cryptocurrency based on a POW/POS hybrid system 
Rencoin exists to provide freedom to users by defending their right to privacy and private 
financial transactions. The coin offeououbrs the ability to send instantaneous transactions 
as well as to send highlyprivate transactions. Rencoin started with proof of work mining but
will transition into proof of stake model. It features masternode technology, and also incorporates
a staking based algorithm thus securing the network and also rewarding coin holders.

#Why is Rencoin Different?
Rencoin is different because privacy matters to us. Our network, allows traffic 
to be routed via The Onion Router (TOR) and all our wallets and masternodes are fully functional
over the TOR network.

#What is a Masternode?
Masternodes secure the Rencoin network. They receive packages (transactions),
check their postage (validate them), expedite them (InstantSend), hide their
originator / destination (Private Send), and make sure they get where they need
to go (secure the network). Masternodes receive payments from the network for this work.

#What is a Blockchain?
A block chain is a one-way ledger (think, "checkbook") that records all of the 
activity on the Rencoin network. A block is a group of transactions bundled together
for entry into the ledger. Blocks build upon one and other to form a chain, hence
the term "block chain".

#What is Proof of Work (POW)?
POW is like mining for gold. Miners put in work by dedicating computing
resources (Hash Power) to a series of complex mathematical puzzles, in the hopes 
of solving them before anyone else. Whoever (or whichever group of people as in the
case of a mining pool) solves the puzzle fist is able to verify a block and add 
it to the block chain. As a reward for doing this the Rencoin network/block chain 
gives a block reward to the miner(s). When miners pool their resources they may 
find blocks more frequently, but those rewards are split across the miners in the group.

#What is Proof of Stake (POS)?
POS allows a holder of cryptocurrency on the Rencoin chain to validate transactions 
on the chain according to the amount he/she holds. Simply put, the more coins held,
the more transactions are validated (or mined) by the holder. POS eliminates the need
for miners on the network to validate transactions. The first cryptocurrency to adopt 
the POS method was Peercoin, after which other forks have been adapted upon

#The Future.

Every project promises future developments. Rencoin is focused on user adoption, 
creating a decentralized exchange built upon the node network that Rencoin
is creating and above all user privacy. 
